Dhaka is the capital city and the center point of all kinds of political, cultural and commercial activities. Built during the Mughal period in 1608 AD, the city has thrived into a mega metropolis glorified with a blend of ancient and modern art, culture, heritage and typical way of life. Situated on the bank of the River Buriganga, the city has a diverse range of attractions that will overwhelm a visitor with surprises one after another. For this reason, Dhaka is called the city of surprises.

Chattogram is the commercial capital of Bangladesh and one of the largest sea-ports in the world. Having wide ranges of attractions such as unique natural beauty, hill tracts offering hiking, trekking and different types of adventures, beaches, islands, indigenous lifestyle, thousand years old history and heritage, center of spiritualism, Chattogram is one of the prime tourist destinations of Bangladesh.

Nestled in the picturesque Surma Valley amidst scenic tea plantations and lush green tropical rain forests, Sylhet is a prime attraction for all tourists visiting Bangladesh. This is a prominent Islamic spiritual center and home to numerous Sufi shrines.

Barishal is famous for the Daughter of the sea named Kuakata which is one of the best tourist places of Bangladesh. It is also called the ‘Sassya Vander’ (store of corns) of Bangladesh.

Rajshahi is famous for archaeological and historical places in the country. You can see the marks of the glorious history of this region.

Rangpur is one of the divisions of Bangladesh that lies to the northern part of the country. Having wide ranges of historical and archaeological establishments, Rangpur is widely visited by the local and international tourists.

Mymensingh is famous for archaeological and historical places in the country. You can see the marks of the glorious history of this region.

Khulna is famous for Sundarbans the largest mangrove forest in the world and the home of Royal Bengal Tigers. 

• National Martyrs’ Memorial • National Parliament House • Central Shaheed Minar • Curzon Hall • Bangladesh National Museum • Bangabandhu Memorial Museum • Liberation War Museum • Baitul Mukarram National Mosque • Ahsan Manzil • Dhakeshwari National Temple • Lalbagh Fort • Sadarghat • Star Mosque • Armenian Church • Sonargaon, Panam City T

This is one of the major tourist attractions at the outskirts of the capital city of Dhaka. This wonderful architectural monument represents the great sacrificing heroes, who gave up their lives for the independence of Bangladesh in 1971. Mode of transport : By road with taxi/ three wheeler/bus, 35 km North-West from Dhaka.

National Parliament House, located at Sher-E-BangIa Nagar, is an Architectural wonder in the world and the masterpiece of the world famous architect Luis Isidor Kahn. Because of its architectural values and significances, it is an important place for visitor from home and abroad. Mode of transport : By road with taxi/three wheeler/ bus from anywhere in Dhaka.

If you want to seek for the historical background of International Mother Language Day, please take a walk and make before a monument at the premises of Dhaka Medical College. Here you will find the Central Shaheed Minar built to commemorate those valiant fighters who laid down their lives for the mother tongue in 1952. The movement raised from this led to liberation war of Bangladesh in 1971. Mode f transport : By road with taxi/ three whee
Curzon Hall, meant to be a town hall originally, was named after Lord Curzon, the Viceroy of India, who laid its foundation in 1904 at the time of Bengal partition. This magnificent establishment, a part of the University of Dhaka, gloriously represents the architectural Style of Dhaka, which is a happy blend of European and Mughal elements. Mode of transport by road with taxi/ three wheeler/bus from anywhere in Dhaka.

Bangadesh National Museum is one of the largest museums in South Asia, having splendid collections which range in date from pre-history to present time. The museum is extremely rich in stone, metal and wooden sculptures, in gold, silver and copper coins, terracotta and other artifacts and antiquities. It is located in Shahbag area in the city of Dhaka. Made of transport: By road with taxi/ three wheeler/bus from anywhere in Dhaka

The historic 32 Dhanmondi is the residence of the Father of Nation, Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, which is called the birth place of Liberation of Bangladesh also. But in this residence, the father of the Nation received his martyrdom with all his relatives except two daughters. Later on the residence has turned into a museum which contents rare collections of personal effects and photographs of the Father of the Nation. Mode of transport : By road with taxi/ three wheeler/bus from anywhere in Dhaka

Liberation War Museum at the area of Agargaon in the capital city contains the rare collection of objects artifacts documents of 1971. Visit to this museum will help you to learn the history of ninemonth long Liberation War that followed the independence of Bangladesh. Made of transport : By road with taxi/ three wheeler/bus from anywhere in Dhaka.

The National Mosque of Bangladesh is designed in the style of the Ka’aba of Mecca. The eight storied mosque can accommodate about 40,000 people at a time for performing their prayers. It is the biggest mosque of Bangladesh and the 10th biggest in the world which preserves the traditional principles of the Mughal Architectures. Mode of transport: By road with taxi/ three wheeler/bus from anywhere in Dhaka.

Ahsan Manzil, the Pink palace can be said as one of the iconic establishments of Dhaka City. In order to enjoy the feeling of the lifestyle of the Nawabs of Dhaka, Ahsan Manzil is the perfect place to visit. Mode of transport: By road with taxi/ three wheeler/bus from anywhere in Dhaka.

The name ‘Dhakeshwari’ means ‘Goddess of Dhaka’. This famous 11th century Hindu temple is the most prominent temple of Dhaka, located at the old part of Dhaka. It is the National Temple, widely visited by thousands of visitors and devotees. Mode of transport : By road with taxi/ three wheeler/bus from anywhere in Dhaka.

Lalbagh Fort is a historic Mughal establishment situated at the old part of Dhaka. This is a Fort which is built with red colored brick and people look at it again and again because of its eye catching beauty. It a very popular historic place and a great signature of art by Mughal Emperor in Bangladesh. Mode of transport : By road with taxi/ three wheeler/bus from anywhere in Dhaka.

Sadarghat river front is the most exciting place in Dhaka that you will never miss to visit while visiting Bangladesh. It can be considered the biggest river terminal in the world, more than fifty thousand people use this terminal every day and thousands of people are busy for other purposes. It is situated on the Buriganga River at the old part of Dhaka. Mode of transport: By road with taxi/three wheeler/bus from anywhere in Dhaka.

Star Mosque is one of the most famous tourist attractions of old Dhaka. Hundreds of blue stars have been created on the domes of white marble. The motif of stars dominates the decoration and so the mosque is called the Star Mosque (Tara Masjid in Bengali). Mode of transport: By road with taxi/ three/wheeler/bus from anywhere in Dhaka.

Armenian Church is one of the historically significant architectural monuments in Dhaka city. The church was built in 1781 by Armenian Orthodox communities. Every year thousands of tourist travel this historical place to know the existence of a significant Armenian community in the region in the 17th and 18th centuries. Mode of transport: By road with taxi/ three/wheeler/bus from anywhere in Dhaka.

Panam City, known as the lost city’, a place and archaeological site in Bangladesh, is situated in Sonargaon Upazila of Narayanganj District. You will be astonished to know that the structures are older than around years. This is called the oldest capital of Bengal and the ancient silk road from the Bengal delta to China and Central Asia. Mode of transport: By road with taxi/ three/wheeler/bus from anywhere in Dhaka.

• Sitakundu • Foy’s Lake • Chattogram War Cemetery • Kaptai Lake • Cox’s Bazar • Inani Beach • Moheshkhali Island • Saint Martin’s Island • The Buddha Dhatu Jadi • Nilachal • Nafakhum Waterfall • Khagrachari • Alutila-Mysterious Cave • Sajeek and Marissa Valley • Nijhum Island

Armenian Church is one of the historically significant architectural monuments in Dhaka city. The church was built in 1781 by Armenian Orthodox communities. Every year thousands of tourist travel this historical place to know the existence of a significant Armenian community in the region in the 17th and 18th centuries. Mode of transport: By road from Chattogram airport.

Foy’s Lake is a man-made lake in Chattogram where people come to enjoy their holidays with family and friends. Here tourists can enjoy boat rides on the lake, concerts with floating stages, scenic walking trails and many other fun activities. The biggest attraction is the beauty of the lake and its surrounding hills. Mode of transport: By road from Chattogram airport.

Chattogram War Cemetery is a memorable burial place for members of the various Nation’s armed forces who died during the 2nd world war. It was established by the British army, where there are about 755 burials who are sleeping in this green field forever and respected by everyone at all times. Mode of transport: By road form Chattogram Airport.

The main reason for coming to Rangamati is to enjoy the scenic splendor of Kaptai Lake, the country’s largest artificial lake, which was created in 1960. The lake, dotted with islands, is unquestionably beautiful and a boat trip across it is a fantastic way to spend a day out here. Mode of transport: By road from Chattogram airport.

Cox’s Bazar in the longest unbroken sea beach in the world and the tourist capital of Bangladesh. Miles of golden sands, towering cliffs, surfing waves, rare conch shells, colorful pagodas, Buddhist temples and tribes, delicious seafood are some of the wonderful aspects of Cox’s Bazar. It is the most visited tourist destination in Bangladesh. There are exciting chances to enjoy surfing, jogging and other beach activities. Near the beach front, there are hundreds of shops where souvenirs and beach accessories are sold. You can see hills, green valley and the sea all together. Mode of transport: By bus or air from Dhaka

Inani Beach is considered as the finest beach of Bangladesh and famous for its rock and coral boulders. Here you can see hill in one side and sea on the other that is really marvelous for the visitors. The Sunset and Sunrise view from this beach should be memorable experience. The clean blue and shark free water is ideal for bathing and swimming without any fear. The water stored in between stones accommodates small sea-fish, crabs, snail and many more. These will keep you busy for all day long. Mode of transport: By road, by airport.

Moheshkhali is an island which is quite hilly and fringed with mangroves. You will enjoy the simplicity of the island and the lifestyle of the people. This island is also famous for salt production. Adinath temple is a famous pilgrimage site of the island where thousands of Hindu devotees congregate on an annual occasion. Mode of transport: By road, or air From Dhaka.

Saint Martin’s Island is the only coral island of Bangladesh and the Pearl of Sea. You will have a day of relaxation and fun on the picture-postcard beaches and to enjoy a swim and snorkeling the lagoon. Cheera-Dwip is a part of St. Martin’s Island but divided during tides. Mode of transport: By bus/launch/air.

You will surely get impressed by the structure and view of the Golden temple in Bandarban which is known as Buddha Dhatu Jadi. Set atop a 60m hill, this temple exhibits unique Arakanese Architecture with the design of Buddhist culture and heritage. The Buddha Dhatu Jadi is a Theravada Buddhist Temple also known as the Bandarban Golden Temple. Mode of transport: By road from Chattogram airport.
Nilachal is the nearest tourist spot from Bandarban. It is situated at Tigerpara and about 2000 feet above the sea level and 5 kilometers away from the Bandarban town. From here visitor can see the total glance of Bandarban town and a vast landscape. In the rainy season visitors can be thrilled walking through the clouds. Watching golden twilight in the evening and enjoying an evergreen moonlight are magnificent. During winter, it is awesome at foggy morning. On the way to Nilachal, visitors can see some tribe villages with their raw natural expression. Mode of transport: By road/air/train from Dhaka.

You will be surprised to see Nafakhum, the most beautiful waterfall in Bangladesh and you will have the feeling of visiting Niagara. This gigantic waterfall is a perfect place for adventure lovers. Mode of transport: By road/air/train from Dhaka

Khagrachari is the natural wild beauty of Bangladesh. The Place, a drive of 112 km. from Chattogram is one of the most magnificent with hills, forest and waterfalls. Three rivers namely Chengi, Kasalong and Maini pass now through the district. Alutila, a mysterious Cave, is the main attraction of Khagrachari. Mode of transport: By road from Chattogram airport.

Alutila cave is a wonderful adventurous tourist attraction in the hill district of khagrachari. The cave is 150 meter long and the foot of Alutila hill surrounded by dense forest. It is a mysterious cave which requires 15 minutes to pass. Those who are adventurous should certainty feel the thrill of conquering this mysterious cave. Mode of transport: By road/air/train from Dhaka to Chattogram and then by road from Chattogram ariport.

Sajek is located the verdant hills of Kasalong range of mountains amidst the serene and exotic beauty of nature. Sajek vally is surrounded’ mountains, dense forest, sprawling grasslands and miles of hilly tracks. Wonderful indigenous life styles of the people are just fabulous for the victors to spend the holidays. Mode of transport: By road/air/train from Dhaka to Chattogram and then by road from Chattogram.

Nijhum Dwip (Silent Island’) is a small island under Hatiya Upazila in Noakhali District. It is a cluster of islands emerged in the early 1950s. It’s main attraction is the herd of about 5000 cheetal or spotted deer, monkeys, a huge number of mated birds come in this and in winter season, enhancing the beauty of this island. Now this island has been declared as the unique eco-tourist spot. Mode of transport: By road from Chattogram ariport

Tea Garden, Srimangal • Lawachara Rain Forest • The Holy Shrine of Hazrat Shahjalal (R) • Jaflong • Madhabkunda Waterfall • Ratargul Swamp Forest • Bichanakandi • Tanguar Haor

Srimangal is called the tea-capital of Bangladesh having most of the tea gardens of the country. It is famous for the largest tea garden of the world covered by the lushly green carpet and it’s called ‘The land of two leaves and a budlly. There are terraced tea gardens, pineapple, rubber and lemon plantations creating a soothing and landscape. It is more beautiful in the rainy season to stay in Srimangal and the high rainfall in Bangladesh happens to be here. A good number of luxury resorts and villas have made Srimangal as the best holiday-making destination. Staying few days around tea estates or any resort and exploring nearby villages and forests certainty rank your most treasured experiences in Bangladesh. Mode of transport: By road/air/train from Dhaka and then by road from Sylhet.

If you want to get the taste of a mysterious rain forest, Lawachara is the perfect place to visit. The well-conserved forest offers you ample opportunities for trekking and jungle walking. You will enjoy over 460 different species of birds, mammals and reptiles that live in this forest, such as deer, wild chickens, squirrels, pythons, endangered hoolock gibbons, capped langurs, slow loris, birds, snakes, banana spiders etc. You will enjoy hiking and walking to indulge yourself in the nature close to the wildlife using the numerous trails in the forest. Mode of transport: By road/air/train from Dhaka and then by road from Sylhet.

The Shrine of Hazrat Shah Jalal (R) is a place of pilgrimage and a symbol of spirituality where thousands of devotees come to visit all the year round. It has been six hundred years since Hazrat Shah Jalal (R) was laid to rest, but his memory and love for him has been passed down from generation to generation. The Shrine of Hazrat Shah Paran (R) is very close to the Shrine of Hazrat Shah Jalal (R). In the evening usually visitors pray at the shrine and light candles for showing respect to them. The visitors also enjoy themselves by feeding Bullseyes Snakehead (Channa Marulius) fishes and tortoises in the pond of shrine. Mode of transport: By road/air/train from Dhaka and then by road from Sylhet

Jaflong is a wonderful tourist spot just a 56 kilometers drive from the city center of Sylhet. The Spot filled with mountains and streams, offers wide varieties of experiences for the visitors. Here you will find the rolling rocks, crystal clear water of the Goain River abounding with fish and other aquatic features. The indigenous people khasia live in this region for thousands of years whose colorful lifestyle is a lifetime experience for you. Mode of transport: By road/air/train from Dhaka and then by road from Sylhet.

Have you ever imagined any place that goes through the tea gardens, hills and leads you to a beautiful waterfall? If you didn’t, just come to visit Madhabkunda waterfall. This is one of the highest waterfalls in Bangladesh. The green leafy trees, big bolder of black stones make this waterfall so charming and eyes catching. Mode of transport: By road/air/train from Dhaka and then by road from Sylhet.

Ratargul, a wonderful swamp forest located in the district of Sunamganj under Sylhet division, is an evergreen and one of the best freshwater swamp forests in the world. The beauty of this forest is bloomed mainly in the rainy season. So don’t miss the chance to spend your holidays in this forest and make the time memorable for your memory. Mode of transport: By road/air/train from Dhaka and then by road from Sylhet.

Bichanakandi under Goainghat Upazila, is a newly explored tourist attraction of Sylhet. Just 40 kilometers drive from the city center will take you to this wonderful place where water flows through rocks and stones. Getting wet with the splash of waters against the big stones is just fabulous to spend holidays. Mode of transport: By road/air/train from Dhaka and then by road from Sylhet.

Tanguar Haor is one of the largest natural water reservoirs in the South Asia. Because of its diverse natural and aquatic features, it has been declared as a Ramsar site by IUCN. The site wears different looks at different seasons to attract the tourists from around the world. During rainy season, the Haor becomes a sea with strong waves and cruising across the Haor is a lifetime experience for the visitors. In winter green fields of miles after miles, hundreds of canals, thousands of migratory birds, fishermen in the ditches are just fabulous for the tourists. Mode of transport: By road/air/train from Dhaka and then by road from Sylhet.

Kuakata, locally known as Sagar Kannya (Daughter of the Sea) is a rare scenic beauty spot on the southernmost tip of Bangladesh. From this place, you can enjoy both sunrise and sunset. Kuakata is truly a virgin beach having a series of coconut trees, sandy beach of blue Bay, that can be a feast for the eyes in a true sense. Mode of transport : By water with ship from Dhaka and then by road from Barishal.

Barishal is the major city and a good jumping of point for the largest delta in the world. So it’s an abode boats, boat gear, river channels, islands, ferry trips, private boat trips, small villages, cottage industries rice plantations and verdant tram land. In some ways, it is turning to an exciting destination for backwaters. Mode of transport : By water with ship from Dhaka and then by road from Barishal.
Puthia Rajbari • Uttara Ganabhaban • Varendra Research Museum • Bagha Mosque • Mahasthangarh • Paharpur Buddhist Monastery • Kusumba Mosque • Choto Sona Mosque

Puthia Rajbari, located at Puthiaupazila in Rajshahi, in an Indo-European style two-storey palace. The Palace was constructed in 1984 by Rani Hemanta Kumari in memory of her mother-in-law Maharani Sarat Sundori Devi. It is located 30 km from Rajshahi town.Besides the illustrious twostorey Puthia Rajbari, there are 14 other recognised archaeological sites like Baro ShivaMandir, Chotto Anik Temple, Boro Gobindo Temple, Chotto Gobindo Temple, Jagadhatri Temple, Keshta Khepar Math and others in Puthia. Mode of transport: By road or train from Dhaka

Uttara Ganabhaban, which was known as Estate Rajbari during the British and Pakistan period, was the palace of the Maharajas of Dighapatia. The government is now using the palace as the official residence of the head of government of Bangladesh in the northern region. This is a historic place widely visited by the tourists. Mode of transport: By road or train from Dhaka.

Varendra Research Museum is a popular visitor attraction located at the heart of Rajshahi town and maintained by Rajshahi University. It is considered the oldest and first established museum in East Bengal in 1910. The Rajahs of Rajshahi and Natore, notably prince Sharat Kumar Roy, donated their personal collections to Varendra Museum. The museum houses a rich collection of ancient artifacts and antiquities. Mode of transport: By road or train from Dhaka.

Bagha Mosque in a MughaI period mosque embellished with beautiful terracotta inscribed in wonderful architectural style. It’s located at Bagha, 25 miles southeast of Rajshahi, the mosque was built on the western bank of a fairly large tank within a brick-walled compound of 48.77 square meters during of the Sultanate in Bengal. This is a historic place now widely explored by the visitors. Mode of transport: By road or train from Dhaka.

Mahasthangarh is the oldest citadel and an archaeological site, once which was the ancient capital of the Pundra Kingdom. This 3rd century BC archaeological site is still held to be a great sanctum by the Buddhists, Hindus and Muslims. A visit to Mahasthangarh will open up for you a wide variety of antiquities, ranging from terracotta objects to gold and coins recovered from the site, which are preserved in a richly decorated site museum. Mode of transport: By road or train from Dhaka.

Somapura Mahavihara, known as Paharpur Buddhist Monastery and a UNESCO World Heritage site built during the Pala dynasty in 7th century, is considered as a base of Buddhism in this part of the world. It is believed that Lord Buddha spent some time here and preached the people. The scholars opine that this was a university at that time. Site museum houses antiquities and artifacts that prove the glorious civilization of the past university. Mode of transport: By road or train from Dhaka.

Kusumba Mosque is one of the oldest mosques in Bangladesh built under the early Muslim’s rule in this region. Located at Manda Upazila of Naogaon district on the west bank of the Atrai River, this mosque represents the glorious history and heritage of then Muslim rulers. Beautiful inscription and embellished architectural marvel shows the tradition and culture. Mode of transport: By road or train from Dhaka.

This mosque was built during the reign of Sultan Hussain Shah, between 1493 and 1519. The fifteen domes of the mosque were once gilded, giving the mosque the name of Choto Sona Mosque(Small Golden Mosque). The mosque is one of the best-preserved Sultanate monuments under protection by the Governments of Bangladesh. This is representing the glorious Muslim’s rule at that time. Mode of transport: By road or train from Dhaka.

• Sixty Dome Mosque • Sundarbans • Shrine of Lalon Shah

One of the largest Sultanate mosque in Bangladesh and one of the most impressive Muslim monuments in the whole of the Indian subcontinent is the Sixty Dome Mosque. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and the most archaeological and historical mosque in Bangladesh. Mode of transport: By road or train from Dhaka.

The Sundarbans, which means ‘Beautiful Forest’, is the largest littoral mangrove belt in the world and an UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is a bewitching empire of greenery stretching 80km (50mi) into the Bangladeshi hinterland from the coast. You will be amazed to know about the mesmerizing diversified biodiversity of this mighty forest. Its beauty lies in its unique flora and fauna. It comprises mangrove forest, Thousands of meandering streams, rivers and creeks. You can meet the wonderful wildlife along with the majestic Royal Bengal Tiger that is the guardian of the jungle. Mode of transport: By road or train from Dhaka.

Fakir Lalon Shah is considered as the greatest Baul saint in South Asia and revered as Baul Philosopher. He believed to have pioneered the world famous Baul which is declered World heritage by UNESCO. A five day long fair is held at Lalon academy at the birth place of Baul Lalon Shah in Cheuria Village of Kushtia District. It has turned into a congregation for Lalon followers. Every year thousands of followers and visitors visit the fair Mode of transport: By road or train from Dhaka.

Kantajew or Kantanagar Temple is an eighteenth century brick built temple, situated in the peaceful island hamlet of Kantanagar, about 12 miles north of Dinajpur town and about a mile west of Dinajpur-Tetulia highway. This nava-ratna or ‘nine spired’ Hindu Temple is the most sought after because of its wonderful terracotta embellishment. The visitors are just spell-bound to see the wall of the temple, every inch of which are plagued with wonderful terracotta. Mode of transport: By road or train from Dhaka.

Tajhat Rajbari located at Puthia upazila in Rajshahi, is an IndoEuropean style two-storey palace. The palace was constructed in 1895 by Rani Hemanta Kumari in Memory of her mother-in-Law Maharani Sarat Sundori Devi. It is located 30 km from Rajshahi town. Besides the illustrious two-story Puthia Rajbari, there are 14 other recognised archaeological sites like Baro Shiba Mandir, Chotto Anik Temple, Boro Gobindo Temple, Chotto Gobindo Temple, Jagadhatri Temple, Rath Temple, Keshta Khepar Math and others in Puthia. Mode of transport: By road or train from Dhaka.

1. China Matir Pahar (China Clay Hill):
Located in Durgapur, Netrokona, China Matir Pahar is renowned for its unique hills composed of white clay, resembling China's landscapes. The area offers picturesque views with blue rivers, white clay hills, and green forests. Visitors can explore the hills, enjoy boat rides on the Someshwari River, and experience the culture of the local Garo and Hajong communities. The serene ambiance and natural beauty make it a perfect spot for photography and relaxation.​
2. Jamalpur Gymkhana:
Jamalpur Gymkhana is a prominent social and recreational club situated in Jamalpur. Established to provide a space for social gatherings, sports, and cultural events, it has become a hub for community activities. The club often hosts events, including sports tournaments, cultural programs, and social functions, contributing to the local community's social life. It serves as a meeting point for locals and visitors alike, fostering a sense of community and engagement.​
3. Shilpacharya Zainul Abedin Sangrahashala (Art Gallery):
Established in 1975 in Mymensingh, this art gallery is dedicated to the works of Shilpacharya Zainul Abedin, the pioneer of modern art in Bangladesh. The gallery showcases a vast collection of his artworks, including his famous Famine Sketches depicting the Bengal Famine of 1943. Visitors can also view traditional folk art and various temporary exhibitions. The gallery is situated near the Brahmaputra River, offering scenic beauty alongside cultural enrichment. It serves as a center for art enthusiasts to explore the rich cultural heritage of Bangladesh. ​
4. Gajni Obokash Kendro (Gajni Leisure Center):
Located in the Jhenaigati Upazila of Sherpur District, Gajni Obokash Kendro is a popular tourist spot known for its natural beauty. The area features hills, forests, lakes, and picnic spots. Visitors can enjoy boating, hiking, and exploring the rich biodiversity, including various bird species. The presence of indigenous Garo villages nearby adds cultural interest to the natural attractions. It's an ideal destination for nature lovers and those seeking tranquility.​
5. Shoshi Lodge:
Shoshi Lodge, also known as Mymensingh Rajbari, is a historic palace located in Mymensingh. Built in the early 20th century by Maharaja Surya Kanta Acharya Chowdhury, the lodge showcases a blend of European and Indian architectural styles. The palace features intricate designs, spacious halls, and beautifully landscaped gardens. Currently, it is under the care of the Department of Archaeology and is being developed into a museum to preserve its historical and architectural significance. Visitors can explore the grandeur of the palace and learn about the region's history.​
Each of these destinations offers a unique experience, from natural wonders and recreational facilities to rich cultural and historical insights.

